Create parachain_onboarding.md (#55)
paseo-network/support: docs/parachain_onboarding.md

# Parachain Onboarding to Paseo Testnet Wiki

## Introduction

Welcome to the Paseo Testnet onboarding guide for parachains. This document provides a comprehensive guide for projects looking to join the Paseo Testnet as a parachain. Here you'll find step-by-step instructions, required configurations, and best practices to ensure your integration is successful.

## Table of Contents

1. **Prerequisites**
2. **Parachain Registration Process**
3. **Setting Up Your Parachain**
4. **Connecting Your Parachain to Paseo**
5. **Monitoring and Maintenance**
6. **FAQ**
7. **Support and Resources**

## 1. Prerequisites

Before initiating the onboarding process, ensure you meet the following requirements:

- **Technical Requirements:** Have a fully operational blockchain capable of connecting as a parachain. This includes having a collator setup ready.
- **Resource Allocation:** Ensure you have the computational and network resources to run a stable collator node.

> - **Paseo Tokens:** Acquire sufficient PAS tokens for staking if required for becoming a parachain on the Paseo Testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Paseo Tokens:** Acquire sufficient PAS tokens to register your chain's state and code.  The faucet is available for everybody to use as means of getting PAS https://faucet.polkadot.io/paseo.

If having troubles, please reach out at https://matrix.to/#/#paseo-testnet-support:parity.io
```

## 2. Parachain Registration Process

To register your blockchain as a parachain on the Paseo Testnet:

### 2.1 Application Submission

> - Submit an application through the official Paseo Testnet website. Include technical details of your blockchain, team information, and your objectives for joining the testnet.

Reviewer: Right now we don't have a website live.
Maybe better point people to open an issue in the support repo.

Author: updated! can you please check it again?

### 2.2 Review and Approval
- The Paseo team will review your application. Approval is based on the readiness of your technology, the potential impact on the Paseo ecosystem, and the availability of parachain slots.

> ### 2.3 Slot Auctions

Reviewer: We are not doing auctions. Let's just ask teams to request a slot directly to the team

Author: updated! can you please check it again?

- Participate in slot auctions if required, using PAS tokens to bid for a slot. Detailed procedures and auction schedules are available on the Paseo portal.

## 3. Setting Up Your Parachain

### 3.1 Configuration
- Configure your blockchain’s collator nodes according to the Paseo network specifications. This includes setting up network endpoints, consensus mechanisms, and synchronization settings.

### 3.2 Genesis State
- Prepare the genesis state of your parachain. This includes setting the initial state, configuring balances, and deploying initial smart contracts or pallets.

> ## 4. Connecting Your Parachain to Paseo

Reviewer: Would remove this entire point in favor of including an example in section 3 on how to run the node, pointing to the paseo spec for easy discoverability

Author: updated! can you please check it again?
